I mean when, when Goggins live with me,
his rule is we had to do something every day. That sucked.
That was his role. And he's a master at that. Tell me about it.
And what did he make you do?
Uh, every day sucked.
He didn't tell me that we're going to do that five times a day that you know,
um, no, I mean, I remember one day, what was the first thing we did was we,
he came in and he, um,
he wanted to see how many pull-ups I could do so we can map out the month he
live with me for a month and I went to the pull-up bar and I got like maybe
eight pull-ups, which is an exaggeration. I probably got like 40 pull ups,
you know, a lot of people are listening. So,
and then he said, I wait 30 seconds, go and do it again.
And I went up on the pull-up bar and I did maybe like three or four, he said,
I wait 30 seconds. I want you to do it again.
And I got up on the pull up bar and I did maybe like one kipping, you know,
getting my chin over the bar barely. And it dropped down.
I was all jacked up and I said, all right, well, what's what's next? He said,
well, what's next is we're not leaving here until you do a hundred more.
We're not leaving the gym till you do a hundred more that day. Now, like right.
Now, right now. And I was like seven either.
Like probably seven to 10. And I was like, man, God knows that's impossible.
And he said, you know, I already, I already know what your biggest problem is.
And he's like, the limitations you're putting on yourself or are,
self-imposed get the back on the bar.
And you know, Jesus, Roger that man. And, uh, I.
Got up on the bar and I all over, over the course of an hour or two, I did them.
And that started our journey of like,
you're about to go in a place where you've never been, you know?
And you know, we went,
I remember one day I was sitting on the couch and uh,
in Connecticut where I was living at the time and on the ticker on the,
on the TV, the emergency broadcast system came up, stay inside,
freezing rain, icy conditions, high winds stay inside. It's like beeping,
stay inside and Goggins, like, this is amazing, man. Let's go.
And I'm like, they're telling us the exact opposite, man. They're there.
Broadcasting to the whole community to stay inside.
So we go for a 10 mile run in the blizzard and we come home and I lived on a
lake and kids are playing hockey on the lake.
So we go down and he takes his hand and he moves all the snow off the ice.
It gets a Boulder and he breaks the ice,
a little hole in the ice with the Boulder. And then he takes his hand.
He makes the whole little bit bigger.
And then he jumps in and then he points at me and he takes his finger.
And he singles for me to jump in. I'm not going in the bucket,
freezing cold water. Cause my mother told me as a kid in long island,
don't go anywhere near the frozen ones you fall in, you have like a minute,
you know, he's bathing in it.
So of course I go in and uh, he looks at me, he's like, man,
you got about, uh, about four to two, two to four minutes.
You got to get hypothermia. We just went on a run.
We gotta get you out of a lake. And I go to get out. He goes, you can't get out.
He goes, if your skin touches the ice, it's going to, to the ice.
Like the kid in Christmas story, his tongue that sticks to the pole, you know?
So he puts my shoes back on my hands and picks my up and puts my socks.
I put my socks on or whatever. And I,
I bear crawl out of the ice and I run up and I see my wife looking out the
window as I'm running into the house. And we come in and she says to, um,
Goggins, you know, like what's the medical benefit of jumping in a frozen lake.
And he said to her, there's no medical benefit. She's like,
this is what your husband signed up for. You know, he's like,
I want to see how far he's willing to go to get to his goals. And I was like,
this is going to be some 30 days. He's
Jesus. Wow. What was the toughest thing he made you do? Uh,
it was just the consistency of it. You know, it was this, like,
it was just like, it was just, he, she went everywhere. I went,
he shadowed me for 30 days. He went to every business meeting. We flew together.
He lived with, you know, with my wife and I did you.
Think like, what the did I sign up.
For? This is back in 2010. So this is, uh, you know,
um, yes I did. I was, and the book came out two years ago now. Yeah.
I waited five years. I didn't, I didn't expect it to ever be a book.
It was just like, you know, at all, there was no book being discussed. I,
I kept the little blog about it, you know? So why'd you do it? Um,
I just felt like there was so much in it there's so many lessons and it was
funny fish out of water. Like he's coming into our house. My wife owns Spanx.
I mean like the Dole dynamic of this.
Was crazy. And um,
I just felt there were a lot of lessons that could be learned through it and um,
you know, took a shot at it. Jeez, Jesus Christ. Yeah.
He's a maniac. When he did the podcast I got here, he showed up super early.
And when I got here, he was already with his shirt off doing chin-ups
and I was like, I walked into the back where the gym is and he's he's in there.
I'm like, look at this.
Amazing guy. He's a Savage, he's legit.
But these are all the lessons as you're talking about, you know,
and you don't know where the nuggets come from,
you put yourself in a position for the nuggets to appear and they don't have
to be radical positions. Like I'm going to go get Goggins.
I'm going to go live with a month. You don't have to be radical,
but you put yourself out there, like you were saying,
and you live a life where those lessons find you and then, and seek them.
You seek them. Yeah. Well.
Goggins, his story is so fascinating because he wasn't that guy,
he was fat and out of shape and unmotivated and lazy and,
you know, talked openly about the first time he ran,
like he quit and he was supposed to, you know,
ran about three quarters of a mile. I think he said, and quit.
And he was exhausted and just drinking milkshakes and all up
and somehow,
or another decided he's not going to be that guy anymore and went 180
degrees and became this intensely motivated iron man.
Yeah. Yeah. I was at the race.
I saw him at the race where he broke all the bones in his feet. You know,
I saw him. I was at the, I participated in that race. The first time I saw him.
That's how I met him. And, uh, 2007. And, uh,
you know, he broke all the bones in his feet. He broke. Yeah. He, he,
he was running a hundred. I was running this race.
It was a 24 hour race as a relay team.
I was with four friends and the format of the races, you know, you run a mile,
I run a mile mother, whatever team runs the most amount of miles, right.
Wins the race. He had no teammates.
That sounds like where's the rest of the team. That sounds like him.
And he weighed a lot at the time. So I watched him wait a lot.
Was he bodybuilding at the time?
He was just begging and it probably weighed 260, 70 pounds.
Maybe deadlifting maybe, maybe. Yeah.
So was this the one where he ran 24 hours all around the room just to show that
he could run a hundred miles and he wound up himself. Yeah.
He told me about that. I saw it. I didn't know.
He broke all the bones in his feet. He broke some bones. Yeah.
He didn't even tell me about that. And then he ran a marathon a month later.
Yeah. He's a animal.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he really is.
Yeah. He was telling me also the plane, that to your wife,
when you say he's coming to live with you.
You don't know my wife happening.
Just kicked us both out. I just said.
It really fast. I told Sarah, cause I flew out.
I flew out to meet Goggins after the race, you know, I cold called them. And uh,
my wife asked me how the meeting went and in the meeting, you know,
I realized like I kind of wanted to get the secret sauce.
Like dry, you know? And, um.
Is got the idea like, yeah, it was like, like by,
by being around some such an intensely motivated guy that you would get the
rub.
Get the rub and I I'd fallen into routine. I couldn't get out of. And I just,
you know, like I was like, just get me out of my routine, man, you know,
and I want to learn from you and that kind of thing. And um,
my wife asked me to have a lunch meeting, went and I told her that, you know,
he's come live with us. She was like, what? Like lunch.
Meeting with him. And did you, where are you going to propose this before?
Uh, I went, w.
What happened was I went to the meeting and, um,
with no real agenda, other than like, I want to meet this guy, man, you know,
it's 2007. I want to meet him 2008, something around,
around there was 10 years ago. And, uh,
I was just so like drawn to him, you know? And,
um, I actually went home and then, and then asked him to come, you know,
live with me. And, uh, and he said, yes. And then I told my wife after like,
this guy's coming in two days now, why did he say.
Yes. I mean, isn't he busy?
Did you offer him money? Like how did this?
No, he was, um, he was, uh, he was active.
He was still in the military at the time. And, uh, yeah, I think,
um, I don't know exactly what triggered. I remember asking him to comment.
I remember him saying to me,
if you're crazy enough to ask a guy like me to come live with you,
I'm crazy enough to come.
Three days later, he shows up with one day knowing him. That.
Is exactly what it would sound like if he said it with those crazy eyes.
Jesus Christ, sweetie. This is David. Wow. Did.
You give them an objective? Do you say, did you say why you wanted him to,
to come or what, what you're trying to.
At that time in my life I had, uh, I was, I had, um, just left.
I have my timeline, right? I think I just left the, my private,
this private jet card company. I had Marquis jet.
I was just starting out in the Zico coconut water business.
And I was in a routine, you know, I was in a rut, not, uh,
I was just doing the same stuff, man.
I was so comfortable and I was just like this calm, shake it up, man. You know,
you can travel with me. I got some meetings coming up, we'll live together.
And there was no book. There was no anything. The book happened years later.
And um, he said, he'd. He said he would do it.
That's crazy that he just loved it. By the way,
it was one of the best months of my life. I love being around him.
He's an amazing guy. I loved, um, you know,
we were watching games. We were working out, I was going out midnight,
three in the morning. We were running in the blizzards. We were in the morning,
one day, he was like,
we're going to run four miles every four hours for 48 hours,
Joe. I was like, I got to work. He's like, no, you don't.
No, you don't. You can work 40 in.
48 Hours. Wow. So I would wake up at midnight. We started at midnight.
We would run. Let's say it took us 40 minutes. And then we would come back.
We'd have, you know what? Three hours and 20 minutes of rest.
And then at 4:00 AM we go again for miles? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,
48 hours. Jesus Christ. One time.
I've a million stories. I mean, we.
Went in the sauna and he's like, all right, we're gonna stay in the sauna for a,
I'm a sauna guy. I thought I was a sauna guy. By the way I thought I was.
And actually this was the steam and he's like, we're gonna stay in here for 30,
30 minutes. Eight ounces of water. Okay. We Jack it up.
It's cooking in there. It's I walk.
In. I'm like, holy.
It's so hot in here. He sits down. He's whistling. Dixie.
You like sitting in the corner doing his. I'm like, you know,
eight minutes into my water's gone. I've already drank my eight ounces of water.
And about, uh, 19 minutes in I'm like, Goggins, I got to get out.
He's like, you can't get out. I'm like, no, I'm gonna,
I'm gonna F I'm going to pass out. I gotta get out. He's like,
you can't get out. I'm like, no, no, no. And I just, I couldn't,
I didn't even wait for him to say no again. Cause I'm about to,
I'm about to pass out. I can feel myself about to pass out.
I opened up the door,
all the smoke from the steam room goes flying out of the door.
I sit right in the chair. He comes storming out and he looks at me. He's like,
oh, you don't look good. I go, nah, I'm going to pass out. He goes,
we got to abort a boy.
To be. Like we're not doing the rest of the 30 minutes. Like I got a pass.
That was the only pass I got because you almost died in the sauna.
Or the steam was. Steam.
Room is different because it's moisture and.
You tie it in. I was taking in like the, this sit, getting cooked, cooked.
Yeah. I mean, you're really getting cooked. It's not like it was sauna.
You're getting like kinda dry roasted in the, the moisture is different.
Like you can't get as hot.
In a steam room as you can and a sauna, correct?
Yeah. Yeah. So this was a series of these just, you know,
getting poached throughout the, uh, yeah. God.
No, he would just make these up, like come up with these ideas.
It was just constant.
Man. Like, I mean, we would go to work. We'd be sitting at work and um,
I'd have like a 30 minute break and he'd be like, burpee test.
Like what I'm at work. He'd be like,
I want to say how many burpees you can do in 10 minutes. I'd be like burpee.
Tests. And I was like, in the middle of work, I would like.
Get down kickoff, Mike, you know, whatever I was wearing, I was getting like my.
Boxers or whatever, like just to get.
And I would do as many burpees as I could in 10 minutes and be soaking wet and
I'd walk into my next meeting. And everybody knew he was like, he was,
that was part of the thing.
So you're explained to all these people that wow, closed every deal.
I close every deal, man. Cause you're so amped up. Plus he was there.
Who's going to say news. People were fascinated. I'd walk in.
And they'd be like, at the end of the, at the end of the meeting, I'm like,
do you want to talk? I was like, whatever the you guys were.
In, we're in, we're in. Wow.
That sounds so much better than living with a monk.
[Inaudible] I miss him. Yeah. It's you keep in touch. Well, yeah and we go.
Oh, it's been awhile. But uh, yeah. I mean,
I've known him since 2007 now and it's been 10 years. Wow.
Yeah. I would think that that was,
it would be hard but exciting.
Whereas the monk thing seems like the drone of it all,
which is good.
Yeah. And like,
I couldn't go back to my room and my surroundings in the monk thing.
I was like in their world forever. Forever.
Yeah. They live in the same way that you did. They have a little cell as well.
Yeah. I actually didn't see their rooms, but yeah, from what I understand,
even smaller than when I was in and I was in.
Just smaller, smaller than this table.
Uh, my room was about the size of this table.
The weather's was smaller from what I understand. Yeah.
How's it impossible bed.
There's no position with like just a little bit. Yeah. Yeah.
Just go into a space with a bed.
Blackout, wake up and start all over again.
Drone. Yeah. No, I think the, the four miles,
every 40 minutes or whatever the it is a four miles. Every four hours.
That sounds way better. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds crazy at the time, but.
Yeah. How'd you end it. How did he end? The 30 days?
I left me a note on a post-it thanks.
That's it? That's it. Jesus.
That's intense. Thanks.
Wow. Jesus Christ.
My goodbyes are like long hugs. Right? Changing,
exchanging planning. Thanks.
That would be an incredible service.
Like if he wanted to do that and just go to like billionaires
and just say, you have to do what I tell you to do for a month.
I bet a lot of people would do that. I'm sure. Just charge.
Charged some stupid amount of money and have him live with you for a
month.
You know, that's hard and anybody personality wise over time having
roommates it's hard. You know what I mean? Yeah.
So he's with you 24 7. Yeah. I mean it's hard. Do you ever wake you up.
Every day? Every day he woke you up. Yup.
Come in and tap me on the shoulder time to get up.
Let's do with my wife right next to me. Jesus Christ.
It wasn't a tap of the tide to do this. Get.
Up does. He would say.
Well, at least he was courteous. Whispered wake your wife up. Yeah.
Was your wife like what in the are you doing? She loved them.